What's wrong mom
You look at them.
You oops, I don't want to live anymore
No, Bole, listen to my explanation.
It's not what you think.
Last night, shut up.
Gao Xiangyu
I was going to forgive you, but I didn't expect you to treat me like this
Your family got together to piss me off, right?
Gao Xiaoyu
I saw your performance yesterday was particularly good
I thought about it and didn't ask you about the IOU
But today I never expected
How could you do such a thing?
100,000, you go to pay 100,000
Gao Xiangyu, you not only have to pay for my mental damage
I have to pay my sister's money.
I didn't do anything.
Why are you framing me?
Not sister
Didn't you ask me to get the mask today?
I asked you to get the mask, didn't I ask you to sleep with him?